[NARRATOR]
Last time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai...
The battle with
the Androids underway,
Goku's friends have proved
no match for these
merciless machines,
and are now forced
to look on in horror
as Goku's energy
is greedily consumed
right before their eyes...
[GOKU YELLING]
[ANDROID 19 GIGGLES]
[EVERYONE GASPS]
[VEGETA]
No painted scrapheap
steals my thunder...
The pleasure of
vanquishing Kakarot
belongs to me.
[OPENING SONG]
[NARRATOR]
No Victory for Android 19!
Enter Super Vegeta!
Great, from
bad to worse.
Vegeta.
Are you
kidding me...!
Piccolo,
I thought you...!
I had it all
worked out--
I put on that
ridiculous act
to set up an opening
to rescue Goku...
then Vegeta...
has to come in
and ruin
everything.
You were
faking all that?!
A better question
is why you think
such a basic move
could deal me out
in the first place.
What were you
thinking, Kakarot...
You had to suspect
that something
was affecting your body,
but like a fool, you
still pushed yourself
to your limits...
Did it not occur to
you that transforming
into a Super Saiyan
would only
accelerate the disease?
I won't let you get out
of our rematch
this easily!
[GOKU GROANS]
Hang in there!
Please, Dad! For us!
[YAMCHA]
Goku!
[TIEN]
Is he okay?!
[KRILLIN]
Come on, man!
Stay with us!
Now one of you
cart the rag doll
back home and shove
that miracle cure,
or whatever it is,
down his throat.
[GOHAN]
Good idea...
I'll get Dad
out of here
and give him
his medicine.
No, let me go...
I'm no good here...
At least this way
I'll be doing
something useful, right?
If this
condition is caused
by a virus like
we were told...
You should
probably take some
of that
medicine yourself,
just to be on
the safe side.
[YAMCHA]
Yeah, good idea.
Promise me
you'll take
good care
of him, Yamcha.
Get him
away from here!
Just hold on, guys...
me and Goku will be back
before you can even blink.
[KRILLIN]
Get better, Goku!
The world needs you!
As you were...!
No point in giving chase.
[GERO]
We will save the
best course for last...
His canny little friends
can whet our appetite
for the feast...
Now that
Vegeta's joined us,
I'm sure things
will stay interesting.
[YAJIROBE]
Look out, runt! Whoa!
[TRUNKS GIGGLING]
[TRUNKS CRYING]
Someone sounds grouchy.
Oh boy... Coming!
...Now, now...
Okay. Small problem...
I don't have extra diapers...
Huh... Well...
Guess I can be
all "survivalist mom"
and improvise,
but with what...?
There... This ought
to keep you dry...
Thank you for loaning
us your scarf...
Little Trunks and I
really appreciate it.
Whatever...
Meh... Fine.
[BULMA]
Alright. Let's go.
Go...?! Go where?
A vacation spa, come on,
where do you think...?
I dragged myself here
to see some Androids
and that is precisely
what I am going to do.
Uh, yeah well...
have fun... I...
What...? come on...
You're content to let
a helpless young woman
and her infant
son brave the danger
all by themselves...?
How gallant... Aw...
You're not scared...
Are you cutie?
[YAJIROBE GROWLS]
Shut up and get in.
Okay, one quick
look and that's it...
A tiny peak and we're
coming right back.
Yes. Fine... Ugh...
Just stop procrastinating.
Away we go!
[YAMCHA THINKING]
You're gonna pull
through, buddy.
They haven't seen
the last of us...
We've got
a future to change!
[GERO CHUCKLES]
You know...
Falling back sounds
like a really good
idea right about now.
What?
[KRILLIN]
I mean, not to be
panicky or anything,
but if what that
kid from future
said about Goku's
heart condition
turned out
to be true,
then I bet what
he said about us
getting taken out
by the Androids
will probably
happen as well.
If anything's tipped
the scales here...
It certainly doesn't feel
like it's been in our favor.
So what...?
These guys are ruthless.
[GOHAN]
What happened
back in the city
will happen
everywhere;
they'll start
torching the whole planet
if we walk away!
Don't worry
we'll stop them...
when Goku's back
on his feet again.
There's no
reason to assume
the future's decided
to the last detail...
[PICCOLO]
The kid was off about
Goku by a decent margin.
Trunks going back in
time the first place
was likely to cause
some repercussions.
[KRILLIN THINKING]
Yeah, well...
So far none of
those repercussions
have made these creeps
any less terrifying...
[ANDROID 19]
Number 20...
Permission requested
to destroy Vegeta.
[Android 20 LAUGHS]
Greedy pig.
You gorge yourself
like a king...
And with your energy
twice what it was...
you want seconds?
So be it...
But in exchange...
I alone will have
the remaining four.
Mmm... yes!
[ANDROID 19 SMIRKS]
What a shame you're
not a fraction as tough
as you'd like
to believe...
It's easy enough to
tell from the few moves
I've seen that
all anyone need do
is avoid the node
on your palm.
Insufficient data
to draw conclusion...
Your analysis
is premature..
You see...
My knowledge of your
combat skills is exhaustive.
Funny. I seem
to recall Kakarot
being fed the same
exact line right
before he transformed...
The distinct look
on your faces
when he went
Super Saiyan
didn't exactly
inspire confidence.
One doesn't predict or
calculate power like ours.
[ANDROID 19 GIGGLES]
I am curious...
Are Androids capable
of feeling anything
akin to real fear?
[VEGETA POWERING UP]
[KRILLIN]
What?!
[GOHAN GASPS]
This one too?!
Look...!
Vegeta's going
full-on Super Saiyan!
[EVERYONE GASPS]
But... Vegeta...?!
How is that even
remotely possible...?
I thought this
was supposed to be
a level a Saiyan
could only reach
if he was totally pure
of heart, like Goku!
Believe me... My heart
is exceptionally pure.
Pure... evil
to the core...
You cannot know
how single-mindedly
I dedicated myself
to becoming stronger...
[VEGETA FLASHBACK]
C-Come on...!
[VEGETA - PRESENT DAY]
Soon though, my limits
were painfully clear.
Why can't I
surpass Kakarot?!
[VEGETA - PRESENT DAY]
When I truly owned
the self-hatred
that realization brought,
the Super Saiyan
within me erupted to life!
I'd never known
such elation...
My time was at hand...
the time to
reclaim my throne
as Prince of
the Saiyans.
Enough of this
delusional nonsense...!
Whatever you may or
may not have turned into,
you still grossly
overestimate
your own abilities...
make him suffer
the same fate as Goku!
Ya-hoo!
[ANDROID 19 LAUGHING]
[VEGETA CHUCKLES]
Alright, now what
say I take my turn.
[ANDROID 19 GASPS]
Though I ought
to warn you...
In this state
I'm apt to get
what you might call
a bit over-zealous...
Heh...
And patience
wasn't a virtue
of mine to
begin with.
I'm assuming Androids
don't really
register pain...
A lucky break for you.
[ANDROID 19 SCREAMS]
[KRILLIN AND GOHAN GASP]
Woah...
He's strong...
What's wrong...?
Forget to carry the one
in your data-modeling
in calculations?
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
I have you now...!
And I won't let you go
until your energy
is completely drained!
[ANDROID 20 SMIRKS]
[KRILLIN AND GOHAN GASP]
[ANDROID 19]
Fight all you want;
you cannot escape!
You don't say...?
Well then.
Focus on keeping
your grip.
Fascinating...
So you really do absorb
energy through your hands...
Then you add
what you steal
to your own stockpile
of reserve strength.
You cannot escape.
Yes... Keep that grip
for all you're worth...
[VEGETA YELLS]
Don't let go!
[VEGETA CHUCKLES]
So this is the little
power-sapping
node in question.
I think you've had
enough pilfered goods...
You've siphoned
all the strength
from me you're going to.
[ANDROID 19 WHIMPERS]
Odd reaction
for an Android...
So you really
do feel fear?
[ANDROID 19 YELLING]
You stop...!
Wait your turn!
Once the clown is marked
off my list, you're next!
What's he doing?!
Feast your eyes...!
On Super Vegeta's
Big Bang Attack!!!
[EVERYONE GASPS]
[MASSIVE EXPLOSION]
[VEGETA SMIRKS]
Hey...
Over there...
What is that?
Of course...!
Where there's
smoke there's fire,
which in this case I'm
betting means Androids.
You know...
Most people would start
headin' the opposite way!
Yeah, well I'm
not most people am I?
I'm takin' over...!
[YAJIROBE]
Turn us around before
somebody gets hurt, Bulma!
This isn't funny anymore!
Come on! I'm serious!
It's possible
our data model
was a bit premature...
[ANDROID 20] A minor setback,
though; nothing more.
You will not prevail!
[VEGETA CHUCKLES]
[VEGETA]
My powers are a little low
thanks to your former cohort.
Now would be the ideal time
to make a move against me...
If you feel up to it.
[ANDROID 20 THINKING]
Why invite me?
What sort of tactic is this?
I see;
you were bluffing...
A moment ago
you assured me
I had no chance
of "prevailing..."
Yet you just stand there,
like a coward.
Heh... Mock
and cajole me
to your savage
little heart's content...
However
strong you are,
we Androids are
infinitely more so!
Well go on, then...
Make a believer
out of me.
He's getting away...!
Quick...!
Don't let him hide!
Don't just stand there...!
Toss me one of
those Senzu beans!
But... if I...
We're wasting time...!
Do you want me to
stop him or not?!
Go on... Do it.
If you think
I should...
Here!
Stalling plays to the
scrapheap's advantage.
[VEGETA POWERING UP]
[VEGETA]
You kids run along home
to your milk and
cookies if you want;
just stay out of my way!
Talk to me
like a kid...
No way I'm just
gonna run along home!
Vegeta sacrificed
a significant
amount of energy
to win the fight...
But he knew he had to draw
the Android in close...
He removed the
nodes on its palms
so he could
follow it up
with a power blast
and wipe him out.
If the other one
had taken the bait
and responded
to his goading
Vegeta almost
certainly would have lost.
But he played the
situation to perfection
and forced a retreat.
When it comes
to strategy,
Vegeta truly
is a genius.
I'm not sure anyone
could beat him... even Goku!
Well I don't care
how strong he is...
I'm not about to
trust my fate to him...
I'm going out
there myself!
Yeah...!
I'm coming too!
I'm not staying behind!.
I didn't spend all
that time training
just to watch everyone
else fight but me!
Enough...
You can help us
track the Android...
But I forbid you
from fighting him!
He'll be
hiding somewhere
among the rocks
to ambush us...
And he won't
be giving off
any sort of energy
for us to hone in on.
If you find him alert
either Vegeta or me.
Yea.
Everyone stay vigilant.
Right!
Let's go!
[NARRATOR]
Android 20 has taken
flight into the hills,
his intended
destination unknown.
Is this hasty retreat
merely a ploy to
divide and conquer?
Or is there some
deeper strategy at work?
One thing is certain...
our heroes must act
quickly if they hope
to put a stop to the
evil Androids' schemes
and spare the earth
from the nightmarish
future that
Trunks predicted!
The hunt is on...
next Dragon Ball Z Kai.
[CLOSING SONG]
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku...!
So the Android's are
headed for the hills...
[PICCOLO]
Don't let him
siphon your power!
Just find him; let
me take it from there.
[GERO]
Compared to
a technological
marvel like me,
organic life is
hopelessly frail!
I will drain
you to a husk!
[GOKU]
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[PICCOLO]
Don't underestimate me!